Today you are really sexy
Stop right there sexy love
With mellow eyes Sexy love
I thought I was impenetrable
But my mind is faltering
This hot night your
Piercing eyes are calling me like this
(Take my heart with you)
Stop there, come to me
Please take my heart now
You are so sexy
Sexy eyes nose sexy mouth sexy love
In my eyes everything is sexy
Oh sexy eyes sexy nose
sexy mouth don't you know
Today you are really sexy
NONONONO Can't you
feel my love
Do you feel my heart
NONONONO Can’t you
feel my heart
Come to me
(tonight night night)
Stop for a moment sexy love
I don’t want to let this chance go sexy love
Please stay with me right here
Don't let me go tonight
As time goes by you
Come into my heart
(My mind is on fire)
Stop there look at my eyes
Take my hand now
You are so sexy
Sexy eyes nose sexy mouth sexy love
In my eyes everything is sexy
Oh sexy eyes sexy
nose sexy mouth don't you know
Today you are really sexy
NONONONO Can’t you
feel my love
Do you feel my heart
NONONONO Can’t you
feel my heart
Come to me tonight night night
You came to me took my heart
What do I do
I can’t stop this feeling
You you you in your heart
Let let let let’s make a bomb
When I see you my heart goes
Down up n down up n down
You are so sexy
Sexy eyes nose sexy mouth sexy love
In my eyes everything is sexy
Oh sexy eyes sexy nose
sexy mouth don't you know
Today you are really sexy
NONONONO Can’t you
feel my love
Do you feel my heart
NONONONO Can't you
feel my heart
Come to me
tonight night night